I am now about to make the great adventure. I cannot endure this agonizing pain any longer. It is all over my body. Neither can I face the impending blindness. I pray the Lord my soul to take. Amen.
Depression! Many thanks to all my friends. Many thanks to Professor Felice Lieh-Mak. This year has been so tough. I can't stand it anymore. Many thanks to Mr. Tong. Many thanks to my family. Many thanks to Sister Fei. In my life I have done nothing bad. Why does it have to be like this?
I have written this note several times in my head for over a decade, and this one finally feels right. No edits, no overthinking. I have accepted hope is nothing more than delayed disappointment, and I am just plain old-fashioned tired of feeling tired. \n\nI realize I am undeserving of thinking this way because I truly have a great life on paper. I’m fortunate to eat meals most only imagine. I often travel freely without restriction. I live alone in the second greatest American city (San Francisco, you’ll always have my heart). However, all these facets seem trivial to me. It’s the ultimate first world problem, I get it. I often felt detached while in a room full of my favorite people; I also felt absolutely nothing during what should have been the happiest and darkest times in my life. No single conversation or situation has led me to make this decision, so at what point do you metaphorically pull the trigger? \n\nI’m going to miss doing NYT crosswords (I was getting really good). That one charcuterie board with taleggio AND ‘nduja. Anything Sichuan ma la, but that goes without saying. A perfect plate of carbonara (no cream!). Real true authentic street tacos. Cal-Italian cuisine. Hunan Bistro’s fried rice. The pork belly and grape mini from State Bird Provisions circa 2013. Popeye’s of course. Bambas too. \n\nI’m also going to miss unexpected hugs. Al Green’s Simply Beautiful. Cherries in July. Tracing a sleeping eyebrow. Smoking cigarettes. The Golden Gate Bridge at sunset. That first sip of iced cold brew in sticky August. Making eye contact with people walking down the street. When songs feel like they’re speaking to your soul. Jeopardy. Saying I love you. Late night junk food binges. Shooting the shit. And especially the no-destination-in-sight long walks. \n\nNo GoFundMes, no funeral, no tributes, no doing-too-much please. All I ask now is for you to have one delicious (I mean a really really great) meal in my honor and let me go, no exceptions. \n\nIt’s selfishly time for me to be happy and I know you can get down with that. Please try to remember me as a whole human you shared memories with and not just my final act. This is not your fault. It’s not exactly easy for me either, I’m here for you. I love you. I always have and I always will, I promise. Shikata ga’nai. \n\nI’m coming home, Dad. Make some room up on that cloud and turn the Motown up. \n\nI’m really sorry mama.
To my friends, my work is done – Why wait? GE.
I am afraid, I am a coward. I am sorry for everything. If I had done this a long time ago, it would have saved a lot of pain. P.E.
Delicate line between heaven and earth…\nThe calm of the ages,\nall the world’s worth.\nSuch minuscule measure,\nwhile we think it so grand…\n\nJust five specks of smallness,\nThis soft quiet land.\nSo frail and so fleeting,\nin the end you will see\nSimple dreams were Horatio’s philosophy.\n\nFor all the truth,\nall creation,\nall secrets of yore\nCan be told in an instant,\nby then they’re no more.\n\nAh, The Unexplainable\nAll worries unsettled,\nheartache unresolved…\nAll questions unanswered,\nwith death, shall be solved.\n\nWe already teeter,\nthis sheer cliff so high.\nWhen we fall to corruption,\ninsecurities die.\nTo end is to start;\nto surrender is to know.\n\nDespair and depression,\ntogether they grow.\nHope shall meet hopeless\nwhen there’s nowhere to go.
I am damaged from the inside.\nThe depression that has been slowly eating away at me has completely swallowed me,\nand I couldn't win over it.\nI hated myself. I tried to hold on to breaking memories and yelled at myself to get a grip, but there was no answer.\nIf I can't clear my breath, it's better to stop.\nI asked myself who can take care of myself.\nIt's only me.\nI was alone.\nIt's easy to say I'll end things.\nIt's hard to end things.\nI lived all this time because of that difficulty.\nThey said I wanted to run away.\nThat's true. I wanted to run away.\nFrom me.\nFrom you.\nI asked who it was. It was me. And it was me. And it was me again.\nI asked why I kept losing my memories. They said it was because of my personality. I see. It wa smy fault in the end.\nI wanted someone to notice, but no one noticed. No one met me, so of course they don't know I exist.\nI asked why people live. Just. Just. People just live.\nIf I ask why people die, I guess they'd say they were tired.\nI suffered and I worried. I never learned how to turn my pain into happiness.\nPain is just pain.\nThey told me not to be like that.\nWhy? I can't even end things the way I want?\nThey told me to figure out why I was hurting.\nI know very well why. I'm hurting because of me. It's all my fault and because I'm bad.\nDoctor, is this what you wanted to hear?\nNo, I didn't do anything wrong.\nWhen the doctor blamed my personality with a quiet voice, I thought it was so easy to be a doctor.\nIt's amazing how much I'm hurting. People who are hurting more live well. People weaker than me live well. I guess not. Out of everyone alive, there's no one hurting more than I am and there's no one weaker than I am.\nBut they said I should live.\nI asked why so many times, but it's not for me. It's for you.\nI wanted to be for me.\nDon't say things that don't make sense.\nFigure out why I'm hurting? I told you why. Why I was hurting. Is it not okay to be hurting this much because of that? Do I need a more dramatic detail? I need more of a story?\nI told you why. Were you not listening? Things I can win over don't end in scars.\nIt wasn't my place to clash with the world.\nIt wasn't my life to be known to the world.\nThey said that was why I was hurting more. Because I had clashed with the world, because I was known to the world. Why did I choose this? That's funny.\nIt's a miracle I lasted this far.\nWhat more can I say? Just tell me I worked hard.\nThat it was good of me to come this far. That I worked hard.\nEven if you can't smile as you let me go, please don't blame me.\nI worked hard.\nI really did work hard.\nGood bye.",
Human life is limited but I would like to live forever.
Excuse the blood, but I have slit my wrists and neck. It was the intention that I would die in the woods so that it would take a few days before I was possibly found. I belong in the woods and have always done so. No one will understand the reason for this anyway. To give some semblance of an explanation I'm not a human, this is just a dream and soon I will awake. It was too cold and the blood was coagulating all the time, plus my new knife is too dull. If I don't succeed dying to the knife I will blow all the shit out of my skull. Yet I do not know. I left all my lyrics by \"Let the good times roll\" -- plus the rest of the money. Whoever finds it gets the fucking thing. As a last salutation may I present \"Life Eternal\". Do whatever you want with the fucking thing. / Pelle. \n I didn't come up with this now, but seventeen years ago.",
To Michelle\nKeep strong in tough times. You taught me how to be strong and carry on. This life has been too challenging and troublesome to me but I’ll forever be in your heart and we will meet up someday in Heaven. Put your best foot forward and your chin held up high. Our songs. Listen to them and remember me. Take anything from my room at my moms/dads to remind you of me. You’ll get there, I’m sorry about everything. I am messed up I guess. I wish I could express my gratitude but I feel brain dead. I love you and greatly appreciate ur effort and kindness towards me. Keep your heart beating, and keep pushing forward. Go on YouTube type in Rocky Balboa quote, and let the light guide you.\nI <3 you
To ALL I LOVE,\nDo not grieve for me. My nerves are all shot and for the last year I have been in agony day and night — except when I sleep with sleeping pills — and any peace I have by day is when I am drugged by pills.\nI have had a wonderful life but it is over and my nerves get worse and I am afraid they will have to take me away. So please forgive me, all those I love and may God forgive me too, but I cannot bear the agony and it [is] best for everyone this way. The future is just old age and illness and pain. Goodbye and thank you for all your love. I must have peace and this is the only way. Jimmy. PS: Do not let my family come — my last wish is to be cremated so nobody will grieve over my grave. No one is to blame — I have wonderful friends and they do all they can for me, but my heart is in my mouth all the time and I have no peace. I cannot keep still and the future would be worse. My financial affairs are all in order and I hope will help my loved ones to forget a little. It will be a great shock, but I pray they will be given strength to come through and be happy for my release from this constant fear. I've tried very hard all I know for a year and it gets worse inside, so please take comfort in knowing I will not suffer anymore. J.
The act of taking my own life is not something I am doing without a lot of thought. I don't believe that people should take their own lives without deep and thoughtful reflection over a considerable period of time. I do believe strongly, however, that the right to do so is one of the most fundamental rights that anyone in a free society should have. For me much of the world makes no sense, but my feelings about what I am doing ring loud and clear to an inner ear and a place where there is no self, only calm. Love always, Wendy.
Dearest, I feel certain that I am going mad again. I feel we can't go through another of those terrible times. And I shan't recover this time. I begin to hear voices, and I can't concentrate. So I am doing what seems the best thing to do. You have given me the greatest possible happiness. You have been in every way all that anyone could be. I don't think two people could have been happier till this terrible disease came. I can't fight any longer. I know that I am spoiling your life, that without me you could work. And you will I know. You see I can't even write this properly. I can't read. What I want to say is I owe all the happiness of my life to you. You have been entirely patient with me and incredibly good. I want to say that—everybody knows it. If anybody could have saved me it would have been you. Everything has gone from me but the certainty of your goodness. I can't go on spoiling your life any longer. I don't think two people could have been happier than we have been. V.
Seven lives for my country. Long live His Imperial Majesty, the Emperor!
The survival of the fittest. Adios Unfit.
I’m going to put myself to sleep now for a bit longer than usual. Call the time eternity.
I have no family and no friends, very little food, no viable job and very poor future prospects. I have therefore decided that there is no further point in continuing my life. It is my intention to drive to a secluded area, near my home, feed the car exhaust into the car, take some sleeping pills and use the remaining gas in the car to end my life.
I have no family and no friends, very little food, no viable job and very poor future prospects.
I have therefore decided that there is no further point in continuing my life.
It is my intention to drive to a secluded area, near my home, feed the car exhaust into the car, take some sleeping pills and use the remaining gas in the car to end my life.
It is my intention to take some sleeping pills and use the remaining gas in the car to end my life.
Dear World, I am leaving you because I am bored. I feel I have lived long enough. I am leaving you with your worries in this sweet cesspool – good luck.
I must end it. There’s no hope left. I’ll be at peace.
If I can’t see my daughter here, I will see her from above…
I’m trying to watch TV but I don’t know what I’m watching. It’s so lonely here. I want to sleep but it just won’t come. I’m so tired of hurting and being a lone. I keep thinking about the pills in the cabinet but I’m scared. My head hurts so much from crying but if I take anything for it I’m scared I won’t stop and I would want to stop.
I don’t have any choice in the matter. To make everything better I have to die. I can’t make it right by living. I’m so scared I want out but oh I don’t know.
I’m so cold, please do something. I can’t stand this empty feeling that I’m having. My head is horrible. Stop the pounding it hurts so much. I have no control over anything in my life. I’m breaking into pieces. Somebody do something.
What is a few short years to live in hell. That is all I get around here. No more I will pay the bills. No more I will drive the car. No more I will wash, iron & mend any clothes. No more I will have to eat the leftover articles that was cooked the day before. This is no way to live. Either is it any way to die. Her grub I can not eat. At night I can not sleep. I married the wrong nag-nag-nag and I lost my life.
My kisses burn into your soul, My touch melts upon your skin, My eyes reflect my misery Of the darkness deep within, I am a waste of time, So now I shall die.
The time has come for me to move on. I don’t come to this decision lightly, however, but now that I’m older, I’ve finally realized that there’s a world of difference between living happily ever after and just living ever after. I may seem strong. But I’m not I’m just like anyone else. We can feel pain. We can die. And I won’t be the one to destroy anyone else’s hopes and dreams. Never again.
I’m sacrificing myself to save the countless many who would have to die if I were to live. It’s a noble cause, I figure. A good reason to die. I like to think you’d agree.
So that’s it. That’s me. Leaving the world to be a better place.
When all usefulness is over, when one is assured of an unavoidable and imminent death, it is the simplest of human rights to choose a quick and easy death in place of a slow and horrible one.
Football season Is over. No more games. No more bombs. No more walking. No more fun. No more swimming. 67. That is 17 years past 50. 17 more than I needed or wanted. Boring. I am always bitchy. No fun for anybody. 67. You are getting greedy. Act your old age. Relax, this won’t hurt.
Goodbye, my friend, goodbye My love, you are in my heart. It was preordained we should part And be reunited by and by. Goodbye: no handshake to endure. Let’s have no sadness — furrowed brow. There’s nothing new in dying now Though living is no newer.
All fled–all done, so lift me on the pyre; The feast is over, and the lamps expire.




